Jehovah shows sincere hospitality.
He cares for all without partiality.
He gives both rain and sun,
withholding these from none;
He fills our hearts
with food and good cheer.
Whenever we show favor to lowly ones,
We imitate our God as beloved sons.
Our Father will repay
the goodness we display,
Our kindness
that is truly sincere.
We never know the good
that may come about
When we see those in need
and we help them out.
Though strangers they may be, in hospitality,
We lend a hand to care for their needs.
Like Lydia of old, we say:
‘Be my guest.’
When they come to our home,
they find peace and rest.
Our Father is aware
of all those ev’rywhere,
Who imitate his merciful deeds.
Like Lydia of old, we say:
‘Be my guest.’
When they come to our home,
they find peace and rest.
Our Father is aware
of all those ev’rywhere,
Who imitate his merciful deeds.